add FAQ page (#198)
SolarArbiter/SolarArbiter.github.io: faq.md

  endpoint. The benefit is that the format is exactly the same for all uploads,
  so there is no need to worry about any nuance in file names, csv column names,
  or json keys.

- Q. How do I associate my data with UUIDs?

  A. A brute force answer is a hardcoded dictionary or other mapping with keys
  that are your e.g. PI names and values that are the SFA UUIDs. Another option
  is to record your own resource name in the SFA’s observation metadata extra
  parameters field, then search/filter the observations for the right one/ones,
  then pull the UUID from the found object.

- Q. Do you have any examples?

  A. The [API documentation](https://api.solarforecastarbiter.org/) contains a
  number of request and response examples. For examples using the Python API
  wrapper, please see the [data_upload_download
  notebook](https://github.com/SolarArbiter/workshop/blob/master/data_upload_download.ipynb)
  in our [workshop repository](https://github.com/SolarArbiter/workshop). You
  can actually run that notebook using
  [MyBinder](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/SolarArbiter/workshop/master) if you
  want a very quick start.

> - Q. I can access the dashboard using my credentials but not the API. Why not?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Q. I'm having trouble connecting to the API or requesting an access token securely. What gives?
```
Maybe we should reference this older issue when this first cropped up? https://github.com/SolarArbiter/solarforecastarbiter-core/issues/474#issuecomment-638601890 The more recent issue was in requesting an access token from auth0, but it looks like it has cropped up before as well. I'll update the answer in another comment.

>   A. If you're behind a firewall, there is a good chance that is causing
>   problems with reaching our identity provider, Auth0. If you're using the SFA
>   core library or the python ``requests`` library, you can get around this by
>   copying the PEM chain certificate for
>   https://solarforecastarbiter.auth0.com/oauth/token to your machine and setting
>   the ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable to the path to the
>   certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A. If you're behind a firewall, there is a good chance that is causing
  problems with verifying the SFA or Auth0 certificates. If you're using the SFA
  core library or the python ``requests`` library, you can get around this by
  copying the appropriate PEM chain certificate to your machine and setting
  the ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable to the path to the
  certificate. These certs can typically be found by visiting the offending url
  in your browser and clicking the lock on the left side of the search bar.
  6See https://github.com/SolarArbiter/solarforecastarbiter-core/issues/474 for
  more context.
```
